# Exam, Python elective Spring 2019
## Exam flow
The exam is an oral exam where part of it is based on your handed in project. The exam is evaluated according to the\n            7 step scale.
The 3 last weeks of this elective you will be given 4 projects from which you should choose 1 as your exam\n            project.
The project should be published at Github and a link to the repository should be handed in on Wiseflow. If\n            your repository is private you should grant me (clbokea - clbo@kea.dk) access to your private repository.\n        
The project should be in a state where it is possible to clone the project and run it on the teacher and\n            sensor computers. There should be a readme file in the repository describing the project and how to install\n            and run it.\n        
If you fail to hand in the project, you can not attend the exam.\n        
Exam time: Total 30 min.
<ul>\n            <li>2-3 min. presentation and demo of your project (not the code)\n                <ul>\n                    <li>Be sure to demonstrate that you solved the tasks stated in the requirements.</li>\n                </ul><li>2-3 min. presentation and demo of your project (not the code)\n                <ul>\n                    <li>Be sure to demonstrate that you solved the tasks stated in the requirements.</li><ul>\n                    <li>Be sure to demonstrate that you solved the tasks stated in the requirements.</li>\n                </ul><li>Be sure to demonstrate that you solved the tasks stated in the requirements.</li><li>7-8 min. questions about your project (here we look at your code)</li><li>10-12 min. general questions based on the curriculum</li><li>5 min. grading and feedback</li><li>5 minutes buffer</li>You will be graded on the:
<ul>\n            <li>overall state of the handed in project.</li>\n            <li>presentation of the project.</li>\n            <li>quality of the code and documentation.</li>\n            <li>ability to answer questions connected to the project.</li>\n            <li>level of understanding of the general curriculum.</li>\n        </ul><li>overall state of the handed in project.</li><li>presentation of the project.</li><li>quality of the code and documentation.</li><li>ability to answer questions connected to the project.</li><li>level of understanding of the general curriculum.</li>During the exam the you will be asked to do "live coding".
The projects from where the you should choose 1 exam project are:
## Specific projects
You can read about the specific project by following the links in the <a href="#menu">menu above</a>
## General for all projects
<ul>\n            <li>The project should be finished, meaning: don\xc2\xb4t hand in and show up at the exam with something half done.\n            </li>\n            <li>Your code will be evaluated in terms of readability</li>\n            <li>Your project will be evaluated in relation to the extent to which it is perceived as a finished product.\n            </li>\n            <li>The code should be documented and you should be able to explain why you documented your code in the way\n                you\n                did.</li>\n            <li>The code should be tested and you should at the exam be abel to talk about your tests and demonstrate\n                them.</li>\n\n        </ul><li>The project should be finished, meaning: don\xc2\xb4t hand in and show up at the exam with something half done.\n            </li><li>Your code will be evaluated in terms of readability</li><li>Your project will be evaluated in relation to the extent to which it is perceived as a finished product.\n            </li><li>The code should be documented and you should be able to explain why you documented your code in the way\n                you\n                did.</li><li>The code should be tested and you should at the exam be abel to talk about your tests and demonstrate\n                them.</li> All projects have been solved by someone else in the world before you, so it would be possible to pip\n            install a\n            module that more or less solves the task. It is not a good idea to use this approach. You should solve the\n            task from scratch and use the python techniques you learned during this semester.\n            On the other hand it is fine to use the build in modules that we used during this semester, and it can also make sense in some cases to use 3rd party modules.
